There's a lot of different configuration options here,
which I'll get into in a little bit.
But now that we have the security group created,
I'm going to go ahead and create an Amazon RDS instance
to associate with this environment.
So it is possible to create an RDS instance within the
Elastic Beanstalk administrative interface,
but they recommend against doing that for a production configuration
because environments are not necessarily durable,
like they do get created and deleted with more frequency.
So the typical way that you're instructed to set this up is to
create an RDS instance independently and then add it to the
security group associated with your Elastic Beanstalk EC2
instances so they can talk to each other.
So that's what we're going to do right now.
So, we'll scroll down on the console home page and go to RDS,
and we'll go down to Instances, and we are going to Launch a DB Instance.
And in this case, we are going to choose Prosgres,
and to stay in the Free Tier we'll use this Dev/Test version of Postgres.
And then the other handy option here is Only show options
that are eligible for the Free Tier.
So for just messing around, it's good to check that out.
And we can leave the defaults here for the most part.
So the Database Instance Identifier, we will call Todos or todomvc,
it doesn't really matter,
and then we're going to configure a username and password for our database.
Now in this case, because our database isn't open to the world,
these aren't necessarily super secret squirrel values,
so I'm going to choose awsuser and awspassword for these values.
(Working) And now I'm going to select the security
group to add this instance to.
I can leave those default settings,
but I need to be able to choose the security group
associated with my eb instance.
So, let's see, awseb security group.
I forget what it actually was.
Let me go to my output here.
Might have to go refresh my memory on which one that was.
And as we can see,
our environment is degraded right now because it's under configured,
and we still need to do a few things.
I'm going to go in here, go into my instance configuration,
and see that security group is like something that looks like that,
x2iaq.
And we don't want the load balancer security group.
We want the Elastic Beanstalk security group because it's those EC2
instances that need to actually talk to the database.
And now these values matter.
If you remember like the database name that we have
configured by default in our configuration,
I believe is just called todos,
so that's what we're going to call it in our actual application as well.
We can leave the default port,
and a lot of these other options we can tweak a little bit,
but right now we can launch our instance.
And it is going to take a few minutes.
That is not a lie.
So that instance is being spun up.
It's going to be added to the security group that our
Elastic Beanstalk application can access.
So while that's happening,
let's head back into the console for Elastic Beanstalk and do some
configuration that we needed to take care of anyway.
So, for the --- at the software level, there's a couple things we need to do.
So the software configuration refers to the actual Linux operating
environment that our application is executing in,
and there's some other properties that we can tweak in here that'll be useful.
So, for a Node.
js instance,
you have the option of using either NGINX or Apache
as a proxy server for your Node.
js application, or you can use no proxy server at all,
but probably you do want to have that.
And then you can specify which Node version you'd like to run on your instances,
and the most recent version of Node that you can elect
for your instance right now is 6.
2.
There's a listing of this in the documentation that you can refer to.
So we'll update that to the latest Node version that we can.
We'll leave this blank because we have an npm start script,
which is going to specify the command which
actually launches our web application.
And now when we scroll down a little bit.
There are a couple of pieces that we do want to configure.
So one of the things we want to make sure we do is have our static assets
served by NGINX rather than Node because NGINX is going to do a much
faster and better job of serving those up for us.
So we are going to map the static path so any incoming HTTP
requests that go to /static will be mapped to a virtual
directory within our application.
In this case, that's going to be the public directory,
which is generated by our glup, or excuse me,
our Grunt tasks.
So, we're going to go ahead and add that.
And we also need a couple environment variables.
So we are actually going to be populating our RDS connection string here,
but we don't have that quite yet.
So, what we'll do for now is configure a few other bits we need.
Number one is we need to create an environment variable
indicating that our NODE_ENV is production.
We also need to indicate that for npm they only --- npm should only
install the direct dependencies of our project,
not the dev dependencies.
They don't need to install all the Grunt crap that
we need for local development.
They just need the production dependencies.
So, I'm going to specify NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION equals true.
And then just as a placeholder I'm going to put in RDS_CONNECTION_URL,
and that's going to be the actual database connection
string for the Prostgres database that we just kicked off
the creation of a little while ago.
So let's go over here and view our database instances and see how we're doing.
So it looks like our instance is not quite created yet.
So we don't have an endpoint for it as yet.
So once it's actually created,
we'll have an endpoint that our Elastic Beanstalk application
can actually address in this application.
So, hasn't been created yet, so we'll check back here in a little bit.
But for now we'll apply those configuration changes,
and whenever we change the configuration like this,
the environment is going to start an update.
So, if you only have one instance,
then Elastic Beanstalk will spin up another instance and begin the update,
and then once the update is complete, it'll start accepting all of the traffic,
and then other instances that need to be updated will be updated after that.
Yeah, so this is going down.
We'll check in again on our RDS instance.
Still creating.
Alright, so once we have the RDS URL that we can add to our configuration,
we are going to be mostly ready to actually deploy.
So to get ready for that, we're going to run the grunt collect_static command.
What's going on?
Unable to find local grunt.
Oh yeah, we need to npm install.
Alright, so these steps that are actually preparing the application,
in our case, happen on a continuous integration server.
So when we push a commit to master,
our CI server is going to create all of our static assets
and do whatever command line functions are necessary to get
our application ready to deploy.
And then we'll actually zip up a deployment artifact that we will
send to Elastic Beanstalk from our CI server.
We'll send that to S3,
and then we will kick off a deploy of that artifact that we created.
In our case,
we're going to be doing the creation of the zip file right here on my laptop,
but typically what you would do is set up a continuous integration server
that would actually execute all of these tasks for you.
So we're doing the npm install,
getting all of this ready so we can execute our Grunt task
to create our static assets and the public directory where
all of those will be held.
So, while that's happening, we can check back in on RDS land.
So it's backing up, which means it's pretty close.
That's good.
Alright, and while that's happening,
there is one last piece of configuration that we need to do.
We're going to go into our EC2 configuration.
(Working) Let's see, where is this?
Clusters, Task Definitions, Repositories.
Oh wait, that's ECS, not EC2.
That is for Docker containers.
I'm not interested in Docker containers right now.
Alright,
so we're going to go into our Security Group configuration for our
EC2 instances and look for some security groups.
So, we have two security groups that were created for our todomvc application.
One was created for our Elastic Load Balancer configuration,
and one is created for our EC2 instances.
So I'm going to take a look at this one.
And yep, I think that's the security group we're looking for.
Now I need to go over here to the Inbound tab.
I see a lot of heads and hands here.
I know.
I feel your pain, but the initial setup is definitely where most of the pain is.
So, what we're going to do is Edit inbound rules,
and we already have a rule that's going to allow HTTP requests on port 80 to
go into the --- to be accepted for this security group.
We're going to add a rule, it's going to be for PostgresSQL,
and we are are going to put in the security group again for our eb instance,
so that's going to be this one, this AWSEBSecurityGroup.
And we'll hit Save.
This is being recorded.
Don't worry.
You can go back and check it out.
Alright, so now let's see if we have our RDS instance ready to go.
Awesome, it looks like it is available.
So now if we go to the configuration details,
we can see we actually have an endpoint for it,
which is great.
That means we can configure an environment variable in our EC2 instances which contain the connection string for the database.